Cisco WLC Mapping (#30529)
demisto/content: Packs/Cisco_Wireless_LAN_Controller/README.md

# Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC)
 
<~XSIAM>
 
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content.
 

## Message Logging Configuration
You need to configure Cisco WLC to forward Syslog messages.

* Product documentation for configuring message logging either from the GUI and CLI - [Link](https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/wireless/controller/8-5/config-guide/b_cg85/configuring_system_and_message_logging.html#sys-msg-logging).

Open your Cisco WLC GUI, and follow these instructions:
1. Go to Management &rarr; Logs &rarr; Config. The Syslog Configuration page appears.
2. In the **Syslog Server IP Address** field, enter the IPv4/IPv6 address of the server to which to send the syslog messages and click Add.
3. Optional, to set the severity level for filtering syslog messages to the syslog servers, choose one of the options under **Syslog Level**.
4. Optional, to set the facility for outgoing syslog messages to the syslog servers, choose one of the options under **Syslog Facility**.
5. Click **Apply**.

> 6. Optional, to set the severity level for logging messages to the controller buffer and console, choose one of the options from either the **Buffered Log Level** and **Console Log Level** drop-down lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optional, to set the severity level for logging messages to the controller buffer and console, choose one of the options from either the **Buffered Log Level** and **Console Log Level** dropdown lists.
```

> 7. Select the **File Info** check box if you want the message logs to include information about the source file. The default value is enabled.
> 8. Select the **Trace Info** check box if you want the message logs to include traceback information. The default is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the **File Info** check ox if you want the message logs to include information about the source file. The default value is enabled.
8. Select the **Trace Info** checkbox if you want the message logs to include traceback information. The default is disabled.
```
